Okay, you asked me to come up,
That's it. Such a big venue today,
I tell you to come up,
Naturally, there are still public disturbances, that group of people,
What's going on? Did you call me the one who had the idea?
I am still Wanjia’s savior,
Help, help, help,
Help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help,
Help, help, help, help, help,
Help, help, help, help, help, help, help,
Help, help, help, help,
Help, help, help,
Help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help,
I'm worthy of being a spy. You really have an atmosphere.
Then when I come
Smart has an organization with a foot injury
He also said that I was slow to increase my position and that I didn’t know the position
What about this kind of person?
this moment
Who did you listen to?
This understanding
Also training and ah
You remember what I did
He didn't do what he said
from now on
You're not the one who changed that
What I said was that I was interested in switching seasons.
Being driven out and replaced by a strong one
Never be able to return